Note about invalid XML (#285)
vippsas/vipps-login-api: api-guide/auth-solutions/azure-b2c/CustomPolicyLogin.md

Download the following files:

- [**TrustFrameworkBase.xml**](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-developer-docs/tree/main/static/downloads/azure-b2c/TrustFrameworkBase.xml) - A few modifications are required.

- [**TrustFrameworkLocalization.xml**](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-developer-docs/tree/main/static/downloads/azure-b2c/TrustFrameworkLocalization.xml) - A few modifications are required.

> - [**TrustFrameworkExtensions.xml**](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-developer-docs/tree/main/static/downloads/azure-b2c/TrustFrameworkExtensions.xml) - Modifications are required. **Please note:** You need to edit line 93 to make it valid XML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**TrustFrameworkExtensions.xml**](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-developer-docs/tree/main/static/downloads/azure-b2c/TrustFrameworkExtensions.xml) - Both `yourtenantid` and [environment](#vipps-environment) modifications are required. 
```

- [**SignUpOrSignin.xml**](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-developer-docs/tree/main/static/downloads/azure-b2c/SignUpOrSignin.xml) - A few modifications are required.

> To make the custom policy work with your Azure AD B2C tenant, all files must have all instances of `yourtenantid` replaced by the name of your tenant. For example: `yourtenantname.onmicrosoft.com`.

Reviewer: This text is incorrect. The placeholder in the file is currently `yourtenantname.onmicrosoft.com`.
```suggestion
To make the custom policy work with your Azure AD B2C tenant, all files must have all instances of `yourtenantid` replaced by the name of your tenant. For example: `yourtenantname.onmicrosoft.com`.
```
